we talk about toxicity how do we get rid
of that how do we detox and what are
some of the ways that you have found
most successful I don't think people
need to be as radical as doing intense
juicing cleanses now I'm not against it
but a lot of people will go two weeks a
month doing some radical stuff I don't
feel every body Constitution can handle
that I think sometimes if they're not
geared up for it and that's really
individual you can actually get worse
versus better because you haven't
supported the systems I still find today
that if you just make some dietary
changes so my big four is remove the
alcohol the sugars including things like
honey and agave all of that gluten dairy
corn and soy and fermented foods those
are the big things that really inflamed
us that's what you need to stick with so
that in itself is detoxification and
then you come in with certain formulas
so in the first time someone sees me I'm
always going to support the gallbladder
liver initially to start to decongest
the bile so you can start to move
through the toxins but I only do that
knowing that you can have a bowel
movement each day so the very first
thing I do is ask do you poop every day
because if you don't that I don't go any
further and that's really sad because
that's step 101 you have to have at
least one bowel movement a day so I'll
support that I will give a formula it
has things like milk thistle and
dandelion root and stuff to start to
decongest the bile and deal with the
gall bladder and liver then I love to
use herbal teas I like red clover tea
Daniel line root to start to work with
the blood and lymphatic system and just
water the majority of us are dehydrated
so you know you don't wanna be drinking
tap water but the average person needs
to be drinking about six ounces of water
every waking hour that and itself
flushes things through and then I always
love to support adrenals and pancreatic
function because I would say to you 99%
of people at walk in my office the
pancreas is pooped because they've eaten
so much junk that basically blood sugars
are typically high or low so we're
talking low blood sugar high blood
sugars diabetes or insulin resistance
and the adrenals are shot because most
people aren't managing their stress so
we have this ping-pong effect and so
detoxification incorporates you know
cleaning up the diet working with an
herbal antimicrobial to get rid of the
infections supporting a liver
gallbladder supporting the adrenal
pancreatic function and working with the
blood kidneys liver and lymph system
you